stringsfile version 1
1003
str_no_string NO_STRING!
str_empty_string _
str_yes Yes.
str_no No.
str_blank_string _
str_error_string {!}ERROR!!!ERROR!!!!ERROR!!!ERROR!!!ERROR!!!ERROR!!!!ERROR!!!ERROR!!!!ERROR!!!ERROR!!!!ERROR!!!ERROR!!!!ERROR!!!ERROR!!!!ERROR!!!ERROR!!!!!
str_noone no_one
str_s0 {!}{s0}
str_blank_s1 {!}_{s1}
str_reg1 {!}{reg1}
str_s50_comma_s51 {!}{s50},_{s51}
str_s50_and_s51 {s50}_and_{s51}
str_s52_comma_s51 {!}{s52},_{s51}
str_s52_and_s51 {s52}_and_{s51}
str_s5_s_party {s5}'s_Party
str_msg_battle_won Battle_won!_Press_tab_key_to_leave...
str_randomize Randomize
str_hold_fire Hold_Fire
str_blunt_hold_fire Blunt_/_Hold_Fire
str_finished (Finished)
str_delivered_damage Delivered_{reg60}_damage.
str_cant_use_inventory_now Can't_access_inventory_now.
str_cant_use_inventory_arena Can't_access_inventory_in_the_arena.
str_cant_use_inventory_disguised Can't_access_inventory_while_you're_disguised.
str_cant_use_inventory_tutorial Can't_access_inventory_in_the_training_camp.
str_province0 Alsace-Moselle
str_province1 Brittany
str_province2 Lower_Normandy
str_province3 Pays_de_la_Loire
str_province4 Poitou
str_province5 Orleans
str_province6 Aquitaine
str_province7 Limousin
str_province8 Pyrenees
str_province9 Languedoc
str_province10 Provence
str_province11 Rhone
str_province12 Burgundy
str_province13 Franche-Comte
str_province14 Upper_Normandy
str_province15 Picardie
str_province16 Marne
str_province17 Ile_de_France
str_province18 Champagne
str_province19 Lorraine
str_province20 Calais
str_province21 Flanders
str_province22 Wallonia
str_province23 Luxembourg
str_province24 North_Brabant
str_province25 Holland
str_province26 Frisia
str_province27 Corsica
str_province28 Cornwall
str_province29 Sussex
str_province30 Anglia
str_province31 East_Midlands
str_province32 West_Midlands
str_province33 Wales
str_province34 York
str_province35 Scottish_Lowlands
str_province36 Scottish_Highlands
str_province37 Ulster
str_province38 Leinster
str_province39 Connacht
str_province40 Munster
str_province41 Bern
str_province42 Zurich
str_province43 Grisons
str_province44 Balearic_Islands
str_province45 Catalonia
str_province46 Aragon
str_province47 Navarre
str_province48 Cantabria
str_province49 Leon
str_province50 Galicia
str_province51 Valencia
str_province52 Murcia
str_province53 New_Castile
str_province54 Old_Castile
str_province55 Extremadura
str_province56 Granada
str_province57 Seville
str_province58 Gibraltar
str_province59 Algarve
str_province60 Alentejo
str_province61 Central_Portugal
str_province62 Northern_Portugal
str_province63 Sardinia
str_province64 Piedmont
str_province65 Lombardy
str_province66 Parma
str_province67 Veneto
str_province68 South_Tyrol
str_province69 Friuli-Venezia
str_province70 Romagna
str_province71 Marche-Umbria
str_province72 Latium
str_province73 Abruzzo
str_province74 Campania
str_province75 Apulia
str_province76 Calabria
str_province77 Sicily
str_province78 Tuscany
str_province79 Baden-Wurttemberg
str_province80 North_Rhineland
str_province81 Westphalia
str_province82 Hesse
str_province83 Lower_Saxony
str_province84 Bavaria-Munich
str_province85 Bavaria-Regensburg
str_province86 Bavaria-Nuremberg
str_province87 Schleswig-Holstein
str_province88 North_Schleswig
str_province89 Thuringia
str_province90 Anhalt
str_province91 Mecklenburg
str_province92 Brandenburg
str_province93 Saxony
str_province94 Pomerania
str_province95 Brandenburg-Oder
str_province96 Lower_Silesia
str_province97 Greater_Poland
str_province98 West_Prussia
str_province99 Warmia-Masuria
str_province100 East_Prussia
str_province101 Oldenburg
str_province102 Central_Jutland
str_province103 North_Jutland
str_province104 Zealand_and_Odense
str_province105 Rhineland-Palatinate
str_province106 Upper_Silesia
str_province107 Tyrol
str_province108 Austria
str_province109 Styria
str_province110 Trieste
str_province111 Ljubljana
str_province112 Central_Croatia
str_province113 Dalmatia
str_province114 Slavonia
str_province115 Vojvodina
str_province116 Western_Transdanubia
str_province117 Southern_Transdanubia
str_province118 Central_Transdanubia
str_province119 Southern_Alfold
str_province120 Northern_Alfold
str_province121 Miskolc
str_province122 Banat
str_province123 Crisana
str_province124 Maramures
str_province125 Transylvania
str_province126 Bohemia
str_province127 Moravia
str_province128 Western_Slovakia
str_province129 Eastern_Slovakia
str_province130 Sudetenland
str_province131 Carpathian_Rus
str_province132 Galicia
str_province133 Lodomeria
str_province134 Bukovina
str_province135 Herzeg-Bosnia
str_province136 Bosnian_Krajina
str_province137 Eastern_Herzeg-Bosnia
str_province138 Montenegro
str_province139 Northern_Albania
str_province140 Southern_Albania
str_province141 Vardar_Macedonia
str_province142 Kosovo
str_province143 Old_Serbia
str_province144 West_Serbia
str_province145 East_Serbia
str_province146 Epirus
str_province147 Macedonia
str_province148 Thrace
str_province149 Thessaly
str_province150 West_Greece
str_province151 Central_Greece
str_province152 Peloponnesia
str_province153 Crete
str_province154 Rhodes
str_province155 Oltenia
str_province156 Muntenia
str_province157 South_Moldova
str_province158 North_Moldova
str_province159 North_Dobruja
str_province160 South_Dobruja
str_province161 Bessarabia
str_province162 Moldova
str_province163 East_Bukovina
str_province164 East_Thrace
str_province165 Burgas
str_province166 Varna
str_province167 Plovdiv
str_province168 Lovech
str_province169 Sofia
str_province170 Montana
str_province171 Odessa
str_province172 Vinnytsia
str_province173 Tarnopol
str_province174 Volhynia
str_province175 Zhytomyr
str_province176 Kyiv
str_province177 Cherkassy
str_province178 Kirovohrad
str_province179 Mykolaiv
str_province180 Kherson
str_province181 Zaporizhzhia
str_province182 Dnipropetrovsk
str_province183 Poltava
str_province184 Chernihiv
str_province185 Sumy
str_province186 Kharkiv
str_province187 Aleksandrovka
str_province188 Luhansk
str_province189 Crimea
str_province190 Lublin
str_province191 Mazovia
str_province192 Podlaskie
str_province193 Kielce
str_province194 Kalisz
str_province195 Plock
str_province196 Brest
str_province197 Grodno
str_province198 Vitebsk
str_province199 Minsk
str_province200 Mogilev
str_province201 Gomel
str_province202 Dzukija
str_province203 Aukstaitija
str_province204 Samogitia
str_province205 Courland_and_Semigalia
str_province206 Vidzeme
str_province207 Coastal_Estonia
str_province208 Inland_Estonia
str_province209 South_Karelia
str_province210 Karelia
str_province211 North_Karelia
str_province212 Savonia
str_province213 Kainuu
str_province214 Lapland
str_province215 North_Ostrobothnia
str_province216 South_Ostrobothnia
str_province217 Central_Finland
str_province218 Southwest_Finland
str_province219 Uusimaa
str_province220 Finnmark
str_province221 Nordland
str_province222 Trondelag
str_province223 Innlandet
str_province224 Viken
str_province225 Agder
str_province226 Vestland
str_province227 More_and_Romsdal
str_province228 Norrbotten
str_province229 Vasterbotten
str_province230 Jamtland
str_province231 Gavleborg
str_province232 Stockholm
str_province233 Ostergotland
str_province234 Vastragotaland
str_province235 Jonkoping
str_province236 Kalmar
str_province237 Skane
str_province238 Ingria
str_province239 Pskov
str_province240 Novgorod
str_province241 Tver
str_province242 Smolensk
str_province243 Moscow
str_province244 Belgorod
str_province245 Rostov
str_province246 Yekaterinodar
str_province247 Stavropol
str_province248 Dagestan
str_province249 Kalmykia-Astrakhan
str_province250 Tsaritsyn
str_province251 Saratov
str_province252 Mordovia
str_province253 Nizhny_Novgorod
str_province254 Yaroslavl
str_province255 Vologda
str_province256 East_Karelia
str_province257 Kola
str_province258 Severodvinsk
str_province259 Arkhangelsk
str_province260 Kirov
str_province261 Tatarstan
str_province262 Samara
str_province263 Orenburg
str_province264 Bashkortostan
str_province265 Perm
str_province266 Komi
str_province267 North_Komi
str_province268 Vorkuta
str_province269 West_Nenetsia
str_province270 East_Nenetsia
str_province271 Yamalo-Nenets
str_province272 Khanty-Mansi
str_province273 Yekaterinburg
str_province274 Chelyabinsk
str_province275 Kurgan
str_province276 Omsk
str_province277 Nizhnevartovskiy
str_province278 Nadym-Krasnoselkupskiy
str_province279 Tazovskiy
str_province280 Taymyr
str_province281 Krasnoyarsk
str_province282 Tomsk
str_province283 Novosibirsk
str_province284 Kemerovo
str_province285 Altai
str_province286 Evenki
str_province287 Tuva
str_province288 Irkutsk
str_province289 Buryatia
str_province290 Katangskiy-Bodaybinskiy
str_province291 Olenyok
str_province292 Mirny
str_province293 Verkhoyansk
str_province294 Srednekolymsk
str_province295 Yakutsk
str_province296 Transbaikal
str_province297 Amur
str_province298 Blagoveshchensk
str_province299 Okhotsk
str_province300 Khabarovsk
str_province301 Birobidzhan
str_province302 Primorskiy
str_province303 South_Sakhalin
str_province304 North_Sakhalin
str_province305 Magadan
str_province306 Kamchatka
str_province307 Chukotka
str_province308 Chechnya
str_province309 Astrakhan
str_province310 Circassia
str_province311 Nikolaevsk
str_province312 Taganrog
str_province313 Novouzensk
str_province314 Bryansk
str_province315 Velikie_Luki
str_province316 Rzhev
str_province317 Valdai
str_province318 Kaluga
str_province319 Tula
str_province320 Voronezh
str_province321 Abkhazia
str_province322 Western_Georgia
str_province323 Eastern_Georgia
str_province324 Northern_Armenia
str_province325 Southern_Armenia
str_province326 Nakhchivan
str_province327 Upper_Karabakh
str_province328 Ganja
str_province329 Baku
str_province330 Talysh
str_province331 Guryev
str_province332 Uralsk
str_province333 Mangystau
str_province334 Aktobe
str_province335 Kostanay
str_province336 Petropavl
str_province337 Akmolinsk
str_province338 Pavlodar
str_province339 Abai
str_province340 Ust-Kamenogorsk
str_province341 Ulytau
str_province342 Karaganda
str_province343 Kyzylorda
str_province344 Shymkent
str_province345 Jambyl
str_province346 Verny
str_province347 Taldy-Kurgan
str_province348 Karakalpak
str_province349 Khorezm
str_province350 Karmana
str_province351 Bukhara
str_province352 Samarkand
str_province353 Tirmidh
str_province354 Tashkent
str_province355 Fergana
str_province356 Transcaspia
str_province357 Akhal
str_province358 Dashoguz
str_province359 Turkmenabad
str_province360 Merv
str_province361 Jalal-Abad
str_province362 Pishpek
str_province363 Karakol
str_province364 Karotegin
str_province365 Badakhshan
str_province366 Northwest_Anatolia
str_province367 Ionia
str_province368 Southwest_Anatolia
str_province369 South_Anatolia
str_province370 Central_Anatolia
str_province371 North_Anatolia
str_province372 Sebastia
str_province373 Trebizond
str_province374 Southeast_Anatolia
str_province375 East_Anatolia
str_province376 West_Armenia
str_province377 Hatay
str_province378 Cyprus
str_province379 Al-Hasakah
str_province380 Aleppo
str_province381 Deir-ez-Zor
str_province382 Homs
str_province383 Idlib
str_province384 Damascus
str_province385 Lebanon
str_province386 Al-Anbar
str_province387 Nineveh
str_province388 Kurdistan
str_province389 Diyala
str_province390 Baghdad
str_province391 Najaf
str_province392 Maysan
str_province393 Basrah
str_province394 Kuwait
str_province395 Afyonkarahisar
str_province396 Samsun
str_province397 Van
str_province398 Ankara
str_province399 Israel
str_province400 West_Bank
str_province401 Washington
str_province402 Oregon
str_province403 California
str_province404 Idaho
str_province405 Nevada
str_province406 Arizona
str_province407 Utah
str_province408 New_Mexico
str_province409 Colorado
str_province410 Wyoming
str_province411 Montana
str_province412 North_Dakota
str_province413 South_Dakota
str_province414 Nebraska
str_province415 Kansas
str_province416 Oklahoma
str_province417 Louisiana
str_province418 Arkansas
str_province419 Missouri
str_province420 Iowa
str_province421 Minnesota
str_province422 North_Michigan
str_province423 Wisconsin
str_province424 Illinois
str_province425 Kentucky
str_province426 Tennessee
str_province427 Mississippi
str_province428 Alabama
str_province429 Florida
str_province430 Georgia
str_province431 South_Carolina
str_province432 North_Carolina
str_province433 Virginia
str_province434 West_Virginia
str_province435 Ohio
str_province436 Indiana
str_province437 South_Michigan
str_province438 Maryland
str_province439 Pennsylvania
str_province440 New_Jersey
str_province441 New_York
str_province442 Massachusetts
str_province443 Vermont
str_province444 Maine
str_province445 North_Texas
str_province446 South_Texas
str_province447 South_Alaska
str_province448 North_Alaska
str_province449 Hawaii
str_province450 South_Azerbaijan
str_province451 Ardabil
str_province452 East_Kurdistan
str_province453 Qazvin
str_province454 Luristan
str_province455 Qom
str_province456 Tehran
str_province457 Khuzestan
str_province458 Najafabad
str_province459 Esfahan
str_province460 Semnan
str_province461 North_Khorasan
str_province462 Razavi_Khorasan
str_province463 South_Khorasan
str_province464 Yazd
str_province465 Fars
str_province466 Bushehr
str_province467 Sirjan
str_province468 Kerman
str_province469 Hormozgan
str_province470 Sistan
str_province471 Baluchestan
str_province472 Al-Mafraq
str_province473 Amman
str_province474 Aqaba
str_province475 Al-Jawf
str_province476 Turayf
str_province477 Rafha
str_province478 Ha'il
str_province479 Riyadh
str_province480 Eastern_Arabia
str_province481 Tabuk
str_province482 Medina
str_province483 Mecca
str_province484 Najran
str_province485 North_Yemen
str_province486 Aden
str_province487 West_Hadhramaut
str_province488 East_Hadhramaut
str_province489 Dhofar
str_province490 Al-Wusta
str_province491 Ad-Dakhiliyah
str_province492 Muscat
str_province493 Abu_Dhabi
str_province494 Dubai
str_province495 Qatar
str_province496 Hovd
str_province497 Khovsgol
str_province498 Gobi-Altay
str_province499 Arkhangai
str_province500 Urga
str_province501 Western_Gobi
str_province502 Bayan_Tumen
str_province503 Eastern_Gobi
str_province504 Daxing'anling
str_province505 Xing'an
str_province506 Hailar
str_province507 North_Heihe
str_province508 South_Heihe
str_province509 Hinggan
str_province510 Tongliao
str_province511 Qiqihar
str_province512 Mudanjang
str_province513 Hegang
str_province514 Jiamusi
str_province515 Harbin
str_province516 Jinzhou
str_province517 Dalian
str_province518 Jilin
str_province519 Port_Arthur
str_province520 Herat
str_province521 Helmand
str_province522 Daykundi
str_province523 Bamiyan
str_province524 Balkh
str_province525 Baghlan
str_province526 Kabul
str_province527 South_Badakhshan
str_province528 Khyber
str_province529 Punjab
str_province530 Quetta
str_province531 Balochistan
str_province532 Sindh
str_province533 Chongjin
str_province534 Pyongyang
str_province535 Kaesong
str_province536 Hanseong
str_province537 Daejeon
str_province538 Busan
str_province539 Sinai
str_province540 Cairo
str_province541 El_Alamein
str_province542 Aswan
str_province543 Upper_Egypt
str_province544 Greenland
str_province545 West_Iceland
str_province546 East_Iceland
str_province547 British_Columbia
str_province548 Yukon
str_province549 Alberta
str_province550 Saskatchewan
str_province551 Manitoba
str_province552 Ontario
str_province553 Toronto
str_province554 Quebec
str_province555 New_Brunswick
str_province556 Nova_Scotia
str_province557 North_Quebec
str_province558 Newfoundland_and_Labrador
str_province559 Northwest_Territories
str_province560 Nunavut
str_province561 Aksai_Chin
str_province562 Jammu_and_Kashmir
str_province563 East_Punjab
str_province564 Delhi
str_province565 Jaipur
str_province566 Jodhpur
str_province567 Udaipur
str_province568 Kutch
str_province569 Kathiawar
str_province570 Bombay
str_province571 Rampur
str_province572 Agra
str_province573 Awadh
str_province574 Varanasi
str_province575 Nagpur
str_province576 Jabalpur
str_province577 Aurangabad
str_province578 Gulbarga
str_province579 Hyderabad
str_province580 Mysore
str_province581 Mangalore
str_province582 Goa
str_province583 Madras
str_province584 Tamil_Nadu
str_province585 Travancore
str_province586 Ceylon
str_province587 Godavari
str_province588 Bastar
str_province589 Odisha
str_province590 Nerbudda
str_province591 Chota
str_province592 West_Bengal
str_province593 East_Bengal
str_province594 Chittagong
str_province595 Sikkim
str_province596 Assam
str_province597 Itanagar
str_province598 Manipur
str_province599 Mizoram
str_province600 Karnali
str_province601 Kathmandu
str_province602 Bhutan
str_province603 Anand
str_province604 Arakan
str_province605 Pegu
str_province606 Tenasserim
str_province607 Shan
str_province608 Chin
str_province609 Kachin
str_province610 Chiang_Mai
str_province611 Khon_Kaen
str_province612 Bangkok
str_province613 Samut_Songkhram
str_province614 Surat_Thani
str_province615 Pattani
str_province616 Peking
str_province617 Chengde
str_province618 Xilinhot
str_province619 Cangzhou
str_province620 Zhangjiakou
str_province621 Hohhot
str_province622 Dongying
str_province623 Tsingtao
str_province624 Bayan_Nur
str_province625 Taiyuan
str_province626 Shijiazhuang
str_province627 Kumul
str_province628 Bayanhot
str_province629 Jiuquan
str_province630 Altay
str_province631 Urumqi
str_province632 Karamay
str_province633 Kashgar
str_province634 Korla
str_province635 East_Bayingolin
str_province636 Kargilik
str_province637 Keriya
str_province638 Hotan
str_province639 Luang_Prabang
str_province640 Vientiane
str_province641 Champasak
str_province642 Sen_Monorom
str_province643 Phnompenh
str_province644 Hanoi
str_province645 Hue
str_province646 Da_Nang
str_province647 Saigon
str_province648 Cochinchina
str_province649 Perak
str_province650 Terengganu
str_province651 Malacca
str_province652 Johor
str_province653 Singapore
str_province654 Kuching
str_province655 Sarawak
str_province656 Brunei
str_province657 Sabah
str_province658 South_Mindanao
str_province659 North_Mindanao
str_province660 Palawan
str_province661 Visayas
str_province662 Luzon
str_province663 Aceh
str_province664 North_Sumatra
str_province665 Siak
str_province666 Deli
str_province667 West_Sumatra
str_province668 South_Sumatra
str_province669 Oosthaven
str_province670 West_Java
str_province671 Central_Java
str_province672 Yogyakarta
str_province673 Surakarta
str_province674 East_Java
str_province675 Bali
str_province676 South_Baja_California
str_province677 North_Baja_California
str_province678 Sonora
str_province679 Chihuahua
str_province680 Coahuila_de_Zaragoza
str_province681 Nueva_Leon
str_province682 Tamaulipas
str_province683 San_Luis_Potosi
str_province684 Zacatecas
str_province685 Durango
str_province686 Sinaloa
str_province687 Nayarit
str_province688 Jalisco
str_province689 Guanajuato
str_province690 Michoacan_de_Ocampo
str_province691 Puebla
str_province692 Veracruz-Llave
str_province693 Guerrero
str_province694 Oaxaca
str_province695 Chiapas
str_province696 Tabasco
str_province697 Campeche
str_province698 Yucatan
str_province699 Quintana_Roo
str_province700 West_Lesser_Sunda_Islands
str_province701 East_Lesser_Sunda_Islands
str_province702 West_Timor
str_province703 East_Timor
str_province704 Banjar
str_province705 Central_Borneo
str_province706 Ketapang
str_province707 Pontianak
str_province708 Singkawang
str_province709 East_Borneo
str_province710 Bulungan
str_province711 Southwest_Celebes
str_province712 Southease_Celebes
str_province713 Central_Celebes
str_province714 North_Celebes
str_province715 South_Moluccas
str_province716 North_Moluccas
str_province717 West_New_Guinea
str_province718 Haidong
str_province719 Jingzi
str_province720 Maken
str_province721 Xihai
str_province722 Tianjun
str_province723 Dulan
str_province724 Golmud
str_province725 Da_Qaidam
str_province726 Magnai
str_province727 South_Golmud
str_province728 Zadoi
str_province729 Nangqen
str_province730 Zogang
str_province731 Lhorong
str_province732 Banbar
str_province733 Lhasa
str_province734 Shigatse
str_province735 Nagqu
str_province736 Coqen
str_province737 Gerze
str_province738 Senge_Tsangpo
str_province739 Rutog
str_province740 Dege
str_province741 Cyrenaica
str_province742 Fezzan
str_province743 Tripolitania
str_province744 Gabes
str_province745 Tunis
str_province746 Tamanrasset
str_province747 Bechar
str_province748 Constantine
str_province749 Algiers
str_province750 Laghouat
str_province751 Oran
str_province752 Fes
str_province753 Tangier
str_province754 Ceuta_and_Melilla
str_province755 Rabat
str_province756 Agadir
str_province757 Northwestern_Australia
str_province758 Southwestern_Australia
str_province759 Northern_Territory
str_province760 South_Australia
str_province761 Queensland
str_province762 New_South_Wales
str_province763 Victoria
str_province764 Tasmania
str_province765 Aotearoa
str_province766 Kaikoura
str_province767 Te_Wahi_Pounamu
str_province768 Hokkaido
str_province769 Hakodate
str_province770 Tohoku
str_province771 Sendai
str_province772 Edo
str_province773 Shizuoka
str_province774 Kyoto
str_province775 Wakayama
str_province776 Shikoku
str_province777 Hiroshima
str_province778 Nagato
str_province779 North_Kyushu
str_province780 South_Kyushu
str_province781 Ryukyu_Islands
str_province782 Northern_Sudan
str_province783 Darfur
str_province784 Kurdufan
str_province785 Central_Sudan
str_province786 Eastern_Sudan
str_province787 El_Ghazal
str_province788 Upper_Nile
str_province789 Equatoria
str_province790 province790
str_province791 province791
str_province792 province792
str_province793 province793
str_province794 province794
str_province795 province795
str_province796 province796
str_province797 province797
str_province798 province798
str_province799 province799
str_province800 province800
str_province801 province801
str_province802 province802
str_province803 province803
str_province804 province804
str_province805 province805
str_province806 province806
str_province807 province807
str_province808 province808
str_province809 province809
str_province810 province810
str_province811 province811
str_province812 province812
str_province813 province813
str_province814 province814
str_province815 province815
str_province816 province816
str_province817 province817
str_province818 province818
str_province819 province819
str_province820 province820
str_province821 province821
str_province822 province822
str_province823 province823
str_province824 province824
str_province825 province825
str_province826 province826
str_province827 province827
str_province828 province828
str_province829 province829
str_province830 province830
str_province831 province831
str_province832 province832
str_province833 province833
str_province834 province834
str_province835 province835
str_province836 province836
str_province837 province837
str_province838 province838
str_province839 Northwest_Eritrea
str_province840 Southeast_Eritrea
str_province841 Djibouti
str_province842 Tigray
str_province843 Amhara
str_province844 Afar
str_province845 Benishangul-Gumuz
str_province846 Addis_Ababa
str_province847 Awasa
str_province848 Oromiya
str_province849 West_Somalia
str_province850 Somaliland
str_province851 North_Somalia
str_province852 South_Somalia
str_province853 Socotra
str_province854 Turkana
str_province855 Nyanza
str_province856 Nairobi
str_province857 Marsabil
str_province858 Meru
str_province859 Garissa
str_province860 Mombasa
str_province861 Aozou
str_province862 Borkou
str_province863 Ennedi
str_province864 Kanem
str_province865 Batha
str_province866 Baghirmi
str_province867 Dar_Sila
str_province868 Logone
str_province869 Borno
str_province870 Kano
str_province871 Sokoto
str_province872 Taraba
str_province873 Nasarawa
str_province874 Kwara
str_province875 Imo
str_province876 Oyo
str_province877 Maroua
str_province878 N'Gamdere
str_province879 Bertua
str_province880 Yaunde
str_province881 Bafoussam
str_province882 Agadez
str_province883 Zinder
str_province884 Tahoua
str_province885 Niamey
str_province886 Timbuktu
str_province887 Segou
str_province888 Sikasso
str_province889 Bamako
str_province890 El_Aiun
str_province889 Ausert
str_province889 Tiris_Zemmour
str_province889 Adrar
str_province889 Tagant
str_province895 Chargui
str_province896 Antsiranana
str_province897 Comoros
str_province898 Mahajanga
str_province899 Antananarivo
str_province900 Toliara
str_province901 Reunion
str_province902 Mauritius
str_province903 Kerguelen_Islands
str_province904 Seychelles
str_province905 East_New_Guinea
str_province906 Solomon_Islands
str_province907 Vanuatu
str_province908 New_Caledionia
str_province909 Fiji
str_province910 Tonga
str_province911 Samoa
str_province912 Tuvalu
str_province913 Kiribati
str_province914 Marshall_Islands
str_province915 Micronesia
str_province916 Caroline_Islands
str_province917 Northern_Mariana
str_province918 West_Cuba
str_province919 Bahamas
str_province920 Andros
str_province921 East_Cuba
str_province922 Jamaica
str_province923 West_Hispaniola
str_province924 East_Hispaniola
str_province925 Puerto_Rico
str_province926 Anguila
str_province927 Guadeloupe
str_province928 Dominica
str_province929 Martinique
str_province930 St._Lucia
str_province931 Trinidad_and_Tobago
str_province932 Margarita_Island
str_province933 Curacao
str_province934 Chetumal
str_province935 Belize
str_province936 Toledo
str_province937 North_Guatemala
str_province938 Puerto_Barrios
str_province939 Central_Guatemala
str_province940 South_Guatemala
str_province941 Santa_Barbara
str_province942 Puerto_Lempira
str_province943 Olancho
str_province944 El_Salvador
str_province945 Managua
str_province946 Mosquito_Coast
str_province947 Bonanza
str_province948 El_Tortuguero
str_province949 Alajuela
str_province950 San_Jose
str_province951 West_Panama
str_province952 East_Panama
str_province953 Louga
str_province954 Tambacounda
str_province955 Gambia
str_province956 Sedhiou
str_province957 Guinea-Bissau
str_province958 Konakri
str_province959 Upper_Guinea
str_province960 South_Guinea
str_province961 Sierra_Leone
str_province962 Liberia
str_province963 Greensville
str_province964 Ouagadougou
str_province965 Fada_N'Gouma
str_province966 Woroba
str_province967 Bas-Sassandra
str_province968 Zanzan
str_province969 Abidjan
str_province970 Western_Gold_Coast
str_province971 Eastern_Gold_Coast
str_province972 Ashanti
str_province973 North_Ashanti
str_province974 Lome
str_province975 Bassar
str_province976 Abomey
str_province977 Djougou
